the nice house in front door
okay you heard that there now when you
listen to FM for every election as
personal views have been involved in
issues worry normally and when they put
themselves particularly for the
presidency there to put our personal use
aside so that they can represent all the
people of Ireland finally 104 new job on
the way to count equality girl and one
more time turn this off with the tape
off turn the volume on again now listen
to it now of course there didn't do it
they're just hear that now would that be
the preamp or a chip from the
he's doing it to the left sorry to the
ride i'm looking for weapons can be so
this beaker that be you this is not
doing it
when you see right there hear it so it's
probably the same angle probably the
same thing as I roughly had with the GF
95 95 you guys remember so if anyone has
an idea which chip it is if they could
give me the number of the chip and I can
order that and change it and be happy so
again this is a not a 91 91 it's a GF
305 that's the let's say cousin with a
mixture of as you can see some ninety to
ninety two parts of 91 91 part 6 cetera
et cetera japanese model so out of
regular radio you get normal sound out
of cassette playing you get that static
which i reckon it might be the preamp
chip from the tape player possibility i
hope it's that that pocket thanks ba